For different Azure AD account (#107229)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cost-management-billing/manage/understand-ea-roles.md

There can be only one account owner per account. However, there can be multiple accounts in an EA enrollment. Each account has a unique account owner.

> For different Azure AD account, it takes time for permission settings to take effect (more than 30 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For different Azure AD accounts, it can take more than 30 minutes for permission settings to take effect.
```
Minor grammar edits
